BC-44 Improve PaaS Recipe & Docs (#1090)
shopware/docs: products/paas/repository.md

Secondly, create a new Git repository and push it to your favourite Git hosting service.

> ### Updating the PaaS Template recipe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Updating the PaaS template recipe
```

> You can update the recipe to the latest version using the `composer recipes:update` command: [a diff-powered, smart recipe-updating system](https://symfony.com/blog/fast-smart-flex-recipe-upgrades-with-recipes-update).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can update the recipe to the latest version using the `composer recipes:update` [command](https://symfony.com/blog/fast-smart-flex-recipe-upgrades-with-recipes-update).
```

> However, the template may receive breaking changes. For example, when making certain changes to file mounts (like using a "service mount" instead of a "local mount"), there is no way to migrate your existing data into the updated mount automatically. Due to this, we recommend to always manually check all changes the recipes:update command provides for our `paas` package, as some updates to the .platform-yaml files might need extra manual actions. Every `paas` recipe update should be deemed a 'breaking' update and thus be validated before applying it to your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the template may receive breaking changes. For example, when making certain changes to file mounts (like using a "service mount" instead of a "local mount"), there is no way to migrate your existing data into the updated mount automatically. Due to this, we always recommend manually checking all changes in the `recipes:update` command provided for the PaaS package, as some updates to the `.platform-yaml` files might need extra manual actions. Every PaaS recipe update should be deemed a **breaking** update and thus be validated before applying it to your project.
```

> However, it is possible that we the template receives breaking changes. For example when making certain changes to file mounts (like using a "service mount" instead of a "local mount"), there is no way to automatically migrate your existing data into the updated mount. Due to this we recommend to always manually check all changes the recipes:update command provides for our `paas` package as some updates to the .platform-yaml files might need extra manual actions. Every `paas` recipe update should be deemed as a 'breaking' update and should thus be validated before applying it to your project. 

Reviewer 2: Grammar and clarity changes:

_However, the template may receive breaking changes. For example, when making certain changes to file mounts (like using a "service mount" instead of a "local mount"), there is no way to migrate your existing data into the updated mount automatically. Due to this, we recommend to always manually check all changes the recipes:update command provides for our `paas` package, as some updates to the .platform-yaml files might need extra manual actions. Every `paas` recipe update should be deemed a 'breaking' update and thus be validated before applying it to your project._
